monitoring: configure alert notifications from site config (#11427)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: docker-images/grafana/README.md

# Grafana image

> Vanilla Grafana image with two additions: embedded Sourcegraph provisioning, and a wrapper program around to enable synchronization with Sourcegraph site configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vanilla Grafana image with two additions: provisioned Sourcegraph dashboards and config, and a wrapper program that polls the frontend so alerts can be configured in Sourcegraph site configuration nicely.
```
